Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[muffled voices]
Help!
[crickets chirping]
Help us! Please!
Please! Get us out of here!
- Help!
- Help us. please.
[man moans]
[woman coughs]
Come on. move!
What are you waiting for?
Get up! Come on!
Move!
What have you got? Hand it over.
Come on. Move it.
Don't play stupid.
Show me what you've got.
Come on. hurry up.
Give me your jacket. asshole.
Move. scumbags! Hurry up!
[birds chirping]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. no
- I need some water.
- No.
You can't be here.
Out.
[birds chirping]
[horn honking]
[man speaking
indistinctly on the radio]
Hi. Can I have a ride?
I'm going to San Francisco.
I'm heading to the other side.
It's okay.
[doorbell ringing]
[birds chirping]
[keys jingling]
How did you get here?
I crossed through San Antonio.
How?
I used the money you left.
Call your mother.
she's worried about you.
Tell her that I'm okay.
- I'll call her.
- Okay.
Okay.
Thank you.
Bye.
- See you.
- Your father?
- Yes.
- How is he?
- He's good.
- Give me the plates.
- Yeah.
I'm glad you're here.
- You found the clothes.
- I did. Thank you.
Uh-huh.
What are we having?
Italian.
Do you need some help?
No.
I want to take care of you.
Okay. What should I do then?
Nothing.
REPORTER: ...crossing
the border in Laredo.
Mexican authorities
say that at 2:45pm Monday.
the truck passed through
a border patrol checkpoint
in Encino. Texas.
A camera captured the driver.
identified by
Mexican authorities.
is now a detained US citizen
who then drove to Cotulla
before stopping 146
miles later in San Antonio
on 100 degree day.
The alleged driver.
identified
by US Justice Department
as Homero Zamorano...
What's all
this about Mexicans?
It just...
There's... There's
no thing about Mexicans.
I'm just saying. like. we
should be funding Americans.
It's not the big deal. Like...
Well. your wife doesn't seem
to care about it either way.
Right. but she hasn't
been at these meetings
in God knows how
long. so I barely see the--
Jake. are the people
living in the Mission
Mexican or American?
Mexican.
Son. if you don't approve
of your sister's project.
we can always fund it from
another company account.
I'll tell you why. Jake.
I'll start a new program
that'll make you happy.
First. sign your approval for
next year's budget for Mexico.
Half the money
spent on my programs
are tax write-offs.
Oh. Approved.
Why don't you come to
Mexico with me next time?
Don't push your luck.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You're an asshole.
[soft piano music]
I missed this.
We should do it more often.
Uh-huh.
[birds chirping]
Do you have to go
back to San Francisco?
Uh... Not right away. no.
How about we stay?
All right. I'll see if
they can extend our room.
A day. An extra day.
Okay. That's a good start.
[laughs]
[birds chirping]
We're leaving.
Why?
Is the room not available?
No. One of my dad's partners
is checking in right now.
You're ashamed
to be seen with me?
Right.
Can you pack. please? Please?
Please. pack.
Miss McCarthy. welcome.
[indistinct chatter]
Everybody. if I could
have your attention. please?
Firstly. welcome to
the Michael McCarthy wing.
As you all know. my
father is a tireless advocate
for the arts and has donated
from his private collection
the works
that we see here today.
So. please
join me in welcoming
not only
a marvelous human being.
but a man who just can't seem
to stop making this
city better for everyone.
Michael McCarthy.
Thank you.
Well. first of
all. I want to thank
each and every one
of you for being here.
It means a lot.
And I also want
to thank my son. Jake.
not just for
his kind and generous
and overly stated words
about his old man. but...
he's a heck of
an advocate himself.
He's created
programs that have helped
the less
fortunate in our community.
and I thank him for that.
And I want to thank my
beautiful daughter. Jennifer.
who. since
she got out of college.
the soldier by my side.
and helped
make this foundation
work the way it should.
FERNANDO: Hey. it's me.
I wanted to tell
you that I went by the house.
I got all my stuff.
and I left the keys
by the kitchen table.
I came here to be with you.
You know how
much you mean to me.
You know how much
I risked to be here.
And I just don't want
to be hiding all the time.
So please...
let me be.
I'm gonna find my own way.
[indistinct voices over radio]
[cell phone vibrates]
JENNIFER:
Fernando. where are you?
I'm worried.
What do you want?
JENNIFER: Please. come back.
Where are you going to sleep?
Maybe I'll just go back
to Mexico. Stop calling me.
Now. this one
has a new entryway.
You would need
to change the facade
and acquire other permits.
Would you like to
see the estimated budgets?
I'll look this
over this afternoon.
We'll talk later.
Sure.
[line trilling]
The person you're trying
to reach is unavailable.
Your call has been
forwarded to voicemail.
At tone. please...
FERNANDO: Six
months? JENNIFER: Six months.
Okay. We're doing okay.
- Happy six months.
- Yeah.
JENNIFER: Are
you gonna cheers to it?
FERNANDO:
Hmm... I don't know.
I'm bad at this. You do it.
JENNIFER:
Um... I'll do one in English.
- you do one in Spanish.
- Okay.
JENNIFER: Uh...
to another six months.
FERNANDO: Just six months?
[laptop keys clacking]
[notification
of incoming call]
Hello? Hey. Jake.
JAKE: Hey. Hey.
hey. Hey. how you doing?
Good. What's going on?
JAKE: So we're just
planning to do. like.
a backyard old
school barbecue tomorrow.
You know. like real...
The kids want to see you
- just a little bit.
- Is Dad going?
JAKE: Yeah.
I'm sorry to miss it.
I'm heading to Mexico City.
JAKE: You're going
to Mexico City? When?
I'm on the plane right now.
I'm gonna go
check out the academy.
JAKE: The--the academy?
- Yeah.
JAKE: What do you mean
you're gonna check it out?
Well. they're doing
great work. you know.
JAKE: So why do
you need to check it out
if they're doing great work?
- Jake.
- I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Just be safe. okay?
I will. I'll be back Tuesday.
Well. call me when
you're back. All right?
Okay. I love
you guys. Have fun.
JAKE: Love you too.
- Bye.
JAKE: Bye-bye. Thanks.
[clicks keypad]
[electronic gate opens]
[rattling]
You're gonna
sit on the counter
and I'm gonna
suck your balls
without breathing
on your cock.
And no matter how hard
you get. we're not gonna fuck.
Let's see how long you last.
You think
you know me that well?
I know your pussy's
wet. your nipples are hard.
All you really want me to do
right now is turn you around.
slap your ass.
That way you'll shut up.
Grab my dick.
stick it into you
while I kiss your neck.
Is that what I'm thinking?
You also want me to
stick my finger up your ass
at the same time.
Hmm... You don't
know me at all.
But I know that your cock
is hard just talking to me.
And you're just dying
for me to suck your balls.
And come on your face
like I did yesterday.
Why don't we go to the sofa?
That way I can lick your pussy
while you suck my balls.
Sofa? Why so far away?
Suck my balls.
Even after they're
sweaty. after your workout?
I think that's when
you like them the most.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
[banging]
Fernando called.
He's safe in San Francisco.
Leave him alone.
I told Fernando
not to leave Mexico.
and what he did
was very dangerous.
I told him not to leave Mexico.
What he did was very dangerous.
Yes. but she keeps treating him terribly.
Ask her to leave.
And tell her to date someone her own age.
Very nice.
Thank you. Thank you.
Everyone. please stand up.
Gather round. please.
"Many of you
already know Jennifer McCarthy."
head of the foundation that supports us.
- Hello. Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
I'm sorry I can't
speak Spanish
to tell you how wonderful
you all were.
but maybe you could
translate that for me.
Thank you.
She's very happy to be here
and she sees a lot of progress
since last time.
And I'm so sorry it's been
so long since I've been back.
Thank you so much for coming.
Where's Fernando?
He hasn't been here for weeks.
Thank you for the visit.
Let me know if
you hear from him.
Martha? There are
clothes for you in the closet.
You take to your family.
For you. you keep.
Okay? In the corner.
When Fernando comes
home. would you call me?
One second.
When Fernando comes
home. you call me immediately.
When Fernando comes home.
you call me immediately.
Of course. Señora.
- Yes?
- Yes.
OK. Thank you.
Would you like eat before?
No. thank you.
Goodbye.
This is what he looks like.
I'm just gonna
put it out there.
It's near
impossible to find illegals
'cause they don't
leave a paper trail.
I'll send you the information.
You do your best.
Well. I don't wanna
give you false expectations.
I mind spending the money.
Okay. Hmm...
Can you tell me
a little bit about the nature
of your relationship?
He's a dancer. Works for
my foundation in Mexico City.
Welcome.
Hi!
[indistinct chatter]
We'll just take
Chevron away from that...
We better go in.
MAN: That was great.
- What's your name?
- I'm Fernando.
- Where are you from?
- Thank you.
I'm from
Mexico. Thanks. Mexico.
I'm trying to get
a ticket to get to the ballet.
I'm going to use
the restroom. Be right up.
- Sure?
- Yeah.
[indistinct
announcement over loudspeaker]
[woman vocalizing]
Fernando.
Hello. Mary.
- Hello. there.
- I'm here to see Matthew.
Okay. I'll let
him know you're here.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- It's a beautiful blouse.
- Thank you.
Did you like
the performance last night?
Oh. God.
I thought it was awful.
Please. tell me you hated it.
Oh. I hated
it. Daddy liked it.
- Of course he did.
- I saw you outside.
I was going to say
hello. but you were talking
to a dancer on the street.
- I didn't want to interrupt.
- He is so talented.
And he's working at
a motel or something.
At a motel?
Yeah. He's from Mexico.
- Maybe you could help him.
- Sure.
Why don't
you text me his information
and I'll see if
the foundation can help.
That'd be
terrific. How are you?
Very well.
- How are your projects going?
- We're busy.
I came by to tell
you about a building
that we're remodeling
in the Mission District.
Oh. Well. that's exciting.
- Let me show you some photos.
- Okay.
Did your parents tell
you I went to see them?
No.
How did you find me?
I saw Matthew
gave you his card.
- You know him?
- Mm-hmm.
He invited me to
train with the company.
- You're staying here?
- Yes.
- How will you make money?
- Can't you see?
We were happy in Mexico.
You think it's
smart. begging on the street?
You'll get deported.
I wasn't begging.
And I don't think
you care what happens to me.
Of course I do.
You know I do.
- Hi.
- Hello.
I'm here to see Matthew.
I'm sorry.
Matthew's gone for the day.
I really need to speak to him.
Can I have his
cell phone number. maybe?
I'm sorry. I can't give you
that information.
Okay.
Would you like
to leave a message?
- No. it's okay. Thank you.
- You're welcome.
[indistinct chatter]
Fernando. leave now.
The police are checking the place.
They already took Pablo.
So why don't you have papers?
I got deported from New York
in 2013
for dancing
on Union Square Station.
Just dancing?
People started to
give me money.
but I didn't ask for it.
What happened
after you got deported?
I hired a lawyer.
I fought it for a long time.
The plan was to stay
in New York.
but it didn't work.
I think
you're really talented.
and I hope we can
work together.
Thank you. I hope so too.
Thank you again
for showing me around today
and for having me
in the building.
You're welcome.
Good luck.
Oh. my God.
[indistinct chatter]
- [glass breaks]
- [all scream]
Fernando. clean that up. please.
INSTRUCTOR:
Nice. Good.
Fernando. um...
I'd like to see a little
bit more from you today.
Do you know "Black Swan"?
Yeah. Yeah. I do.
Great. Let's see
the end of "Black Swan."
- Going...?
- Yes. please.
MATTHEW: Natasha.
we're going to take it
from the end of "Black Swan."
MATTHEW: Good.
[applause]
Good. Nice work.
Nice work.
- Arlette.
- Yes?
I'd like to see you
with Fernando. please.
- Okay.
- Maybe from the beginning
of "Black Swan."
Do you both know that?
- Yeah.
- Wonderful.
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you. Arlette.
Fernando. How do you want
to start this one?
Um... Let's start
from the beginning.
We go straight to...
Okay. And then you do the...
- Yeah. normal.
- Normal version.
- [giggles] Don't worry.
- Okay. I'll try.
[Jennifer and Fernando laugh]
JENNIFER: Aww.
FERNANDO:
Happy birthday. mi amor.
JENNIFER: Grandma?
FERNANDO: No. Mi amor.
[Jennifer laughs]
Thank you. Thank you.
thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. honey.
FERNANDO:
I obviously didn't make it.
JENNIFER: [laughs] I'm sure
it tastes delicious.
FERNANDO: Yeah.
[telephone ringing]
Come on. Fer. Cheer up.
Don't overthink it.
[cell phone ringing]
[line trilling]
The person you're trying
to reach is unavailable.
Call has been forwarded
to voicemail.
At tone. please...
It's such great news.
I'm so happy for you.
I'm really. really happy.
[indistinct chatter]
[inaudible dialog]
[line trilling]
[cell phone ringing]
- Hi.
- Hello.
Thank you for the ticket.
I really loved it today.
So did I.
What? You're here?
- Yes.
- Where?
We'll come together next time.
[indistinct chatter]
[doorbell ringing]
Hi. It's me.
[buzzing]
[Jennifer moans]
Good morning.
There's a yoga mat
and some bands
in the living room.
Do you need money?
No. I'm going to the motel
to get my wallet.
Some cash. and the house key.
I'll leave soon.
No rush.
Have some breakfast.
Call me if you need anything.
- Good.
- Very good.
Good. good.
Thank you. dancers.
It's been a real pleasure
to have Fernando
as part of our company.
and I want to thank you all
for welcoming him.
And really. it's been
the easiest decision
for us to give
Fernando the lead.
[applause]
[indistinct chatter]
So. Fernando. where'd
you learn how to dance?
- In Mexico.
- Did you go to a school?
Of course. I was dancing there
since I was a little kid.
You beg for money
on the street down there too?
Look. I don't beg.
I thought that's how
you and Matthew met.
I just wanted a ticket
to the ballet.
I wasn't begging.
Well. he saw you
before the performance.
Weren't you asking for money?
- GIRL: Joe.
- Honestly. I--
- What?
- So what if he was dancing
outside the theater?
You weren't there.
I don't have to dance
in the street for money.
- Oh. shut up.
- It was obvious
I was asking for a ticket.
And since he's illegal.
he sure got some balls
knowing he could get caught.
You want to go over there?
Fucking gringos. man.
We cross the border. we wipe their dirt.
and they're fine with that.
But you take a job from one of them
and they kick you to the curb.
The nerve.
[cell phone ringing]
Another round. please.
One for you. too.
Hi. mom.
I'm fine. I'm at the bar.
It's all right. go to bed.
Okay.
Okay. I love you too.
Bye.
[indistinct chatter]
Hello. everyone.
This is Fernando.
He's the dance teacher here.
- Hi. Fernando.
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- These are our members.
They're very interested
in learning ballet.
- This is Robert. Charlie...
- Hi.
- And Lily.
Hi. Why ballet?
We went and saw a ballet once.
and it really just stuck
with us.
It was really
meaningful to us.
Yeah. What was
the best thing about the show?
- The lifts.
- The lifts?
Yeah. They're
really impressive.
Well. it's very hard work.
You know that. right?
Yeah. They told us
that we have to be here
every afternoon until late.
so at least six days a week.
- Oh. wow.
- Six days a week?
Okay. And he's very strict.
Don't be late.
You'll get into trouble.
- Never late.
- Nice to see you.
- Thank you.
- Nice meeting you.
- That's pretty good.
- Cool.
We're gonna get this done.
- What happened here?
- Dance happened.
- Hmm.
- It's good now. Yeah.
- Does it hurt?
- No.
Well. it hurts a little bit
more than the massage.
- The massage hurts?
- No. not enough.
Need to put your back into it.
- My back into it?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- But I don't wanna...
- It's fine.
- Mm. honey.
- Is this okay?
- Yeah.
You introduced me to the kids
as their teacher.
Juanita doesn't know
we're together.
It's obvious we're together.
It's obvious you're always
putting on an act.
I'm not putting on an act.
You're their teacher.
- Can I be both?
- Yes. Of course.
[indistinct chatter]
Good afternoon. everyone.
Thank you so much
for being here.
I would love to introduce you
to the man of the hour.
my father. Michael McCarthy.
We wouldn't be here
without his generosity.
So please join me in giving
him a round of applause.
Well. my daughter's
much too generous.
The truth of the matter is
that none of this would
be happening
without the foundation
that she
and her brother Jake created.
So I'd like to hear a round
of applause for them. Please.
We really could
not be more excited
to visit with you and learn
about what you're doing.
so please get back
to whatever it was
and don't let us interrupt.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
You were turning around. okay?
Like to the other side.
Like that.
And then like that.
Hey. Fernando.
And then...
Okay. let's go to the arm.
- Hey. Fernando.
- Hey.
- Nice to meet you.
- Thank you so much.
Not at all. Please.
Then... Yeah.
Okay. from the beginning.
Remember we're
in first position.
- Whoa!
- Yeah. Okay. good.
[indistinct chatter]
One. two. And then down.
And up.
[indistinct chatter]
Hi.
It fits you perfectly.
You look so handsome.
Did you have a good day?
Yeah. it was good today.
I had a long day.
- Hmm.
- I had a three-hour rehearsal
- towards the end of it.
- Thank you.
- Do you want a glass of wine?
- Yeah.
- One more.
- Towards the end of it.
there was... One of the guys
dropped the ballerina.
- No.
- And... yeah.
Then there was
a whole argument
- about whose fault it was.
- Mm-hmm.
And he didn't want
to take responsibility.
That is a general rule
in ballet when that happens.
- Jennifer.
- Daphne.
- Hi.
- Good to see you.
- Oh. it's been so long.
- It has.
- It's nice to see you.
This is Fernando.
He's an exceptionally
talented dancer.
Oh. nice to meet you.
Fernando.
Is he in your program?
No. He's at the San Francisco
Ballet Company.
- Oh. fantastic.
- Enjoy your dinner.
Thank you.
You were saying?
I'm super hungry.
Well. you've been working
for at least an hour.
I'm trying.
So I put tofu.
Are you okay with that?
I'm very happy.
Anything you make. I've never
had so much food in my house.
We could have gone
to a restaurant.
- [intercom buzzing]
- [sighs]
[intercom buzzing]
Don't use your key.
I'll let you up.
Who's joining us?
Oh. it's my family.
I didn't know
they were coming.
Do you think they'll stay?
I don't know.
Hello. hello!
Coming to kidnapped you.
I got an extra ticket
for the game. so...
- grab and go.
- Well...
Good to see you. Let me get
some water. all right?
Oh. hey.
We met. right?
At the community center.
- Yes.
- You... Yes. Now. uh...
- Remind me.
- I'm the ballet teacher.
Mmm.
The ballet teacher.
- From Mexico or...?
- Yes.
Right.
- Jake.
- It's Fernando.
Fernando. right.
Great to see you again.
Likewise.
I would invite you... but I
only have one extra ticket.
It looks like I'm
interrupting a little bit.
So I'll leave you to it
and...
Goodbye.
- I'll call you tomorrow.
- Yeah. Great. All right.
[clears throat]
Have fun.
You're doing well.
The rhythm is very good.
Okay. we start...
Wait. wait it out.
Go. One. two. three. four.
One. two. three. four.
One. super.
One. Yeah. Yeah.
MICHAEL: So it's all about
sages and whatever.
No. I think--
Hey.
Hello. Dad. Hi.
- Thank you for coming.
- Yeah.
You want to grab a coffee?
No. I already had one.
Well. let's take a walk.
I won't take up
much of your time.
[indistinct chatter]
Well. I'm gonna
cut to the chase.
Jake said he saw
that Mexican dancer
over at your house yesterday.
- Mm-hmm.
- Is he living with you?
Dad. it's...
It's nothing.
Look. you know
I want you to be happy.
Even have a relationship.
Maybe have some grandchildren.
I tried.
I can't have kids. You know.
Well. I know. but I'm not here
to talk about that.
Then why are you here?
What are you here
to talk about?
You know. I'm happy
that you help immigrants.
I mean. I'm all in for
that. but there are limits.
You know what
I'm trying to say?
[indistinct chatter]
Excuse me.
Can we order. please?
- Of course.
- I'll have the branzino.
Good choice. Thank you.
[woman laughs]
Uh. sir?
Could I recommend
the sea bass?
What are "capers"?
Alcaparras.
Okay. I'll have that.
You won't regret it.
Where are you from?
Mexico City. You?
Puebla.
But I've lived here 20 years now.
A lifetime.
Yes. it's been a while.
Are you visiting?
I live here. I'm a ballet teacher.
Nice!
- I'm Fernando.
- Joaquín.
Pleasure.
Likewise.
Would you like a drink?
I'm going to start
with the goat cheese salad.
He's actually asking if you
want something to drink.
Oh. Sorry. I'm fine.
Didn't mean to interrupt
your conversation.
It's all right. Thank you.
I'll be right back. Excuse me.
Forget I'm here?
Why?
Well. you can speak English.
I think you should know
a little Spanish by now. no?
After all the time
you spend in Mexico.
having a Mexican boyfriend.
Just a little. Señorita.
- Stop it. Stop.
- Please.
I'm in a bad mood.
Sorry.
I... got into an argument
with my dad.
Was it about me?
No. not at all.
It was actually...
It was actually Jake's fault.
It was because he saw me
at the house the other day.
Ah!
How you doing. kid?
- I'm good.
- Yeah?
I'm missing you
at the meetings.
Got some good speed
on that thing. huh?
- Just say when and I'll...
- Yeah.
I'll say hey to Mommy.
Why aren't they in school?
The teachers. you know.
they have staff meetings.
Okay.
First Friday
of every month.
So. are you giving her
a turn on that?
You gotta give her
a turn on that.
Are you guys happy that you
don't have school today?
Yes.
We talked about you.
- Oh. yeah.
- Let's see it.
- Bye. guys.
- All right.
INSTRUCTOR:That's it. Just
enough angle. Just enough.
Now profile.
That's better.
We need to stop here. please.
Fernando. can I see you?
[indistinct voices over radio]
We've had no luck crossing through there.
She should have contacts.
It's her business.
Contacts in Tijuana
and on all the borders.
Do you have contacts there?
No. but the smuggler
who helped us must have one.
How much did she want?
Eight grand.
Eight grand!
I know. It's a lot.
But you can trust her.
[indistinct chatter]
[man speaking Spanish
over loudspeaker]
Keep walking.
- Are you all Mexican?
- Yes.
IDs please.
I don't have mine.
But I'm Mexican.
- And you?
- Honduras.
Honduras.
This way. please.
El Salvador.
Everyone else.
come and fill in your details here.
This way. please.
This way.
We're from Venezuela.
Your ID. please.
Your name is... Tomás Alba?
This way. please.
How long will it take?
Two hours at most
Thanks.
Attention. gentlemen!
In you go.
We may not be Mexican.
but we still have rights.
To use the bathroom.
drink water. see a doctor.
We're only immigrants. not criminals.
But you treat us like that.
It's always the same!
It's all in here.
His passport too?
His passport and case number.
Call if there are any issues.
My name is Arturo.
[man speaking indistinctly
over loudspeaker]
Thank you.
Goodbye.
[dog barks]
I'm okay.
When can you get here?
Okay.
[clicks keypad]
[electronic gate opens]
[birds chirping]
[sighs]
How long you staying?
I have a flight next Monday.
There's a meeting in New York.
- What day is today?
- It's Monday.
I'll be here a whole week.
I'll come straight back after.
We didn't need anything
in San Francisco.
We could start
our own company here.
Yeah. find another venue
with more experienced dancers.
That's gonna take time.
You have time.
I could come down here
more often.
I could almost live here.
That could be nice.
No. He proposed in Vegas.
He said. "Let's do it now."
He said.
"Let's do it in Vegas."
- And then--
- You can't go to Vegas.
- No.
- And my joke wasn't--
- But wait.
- [all speak at once]
Maybe.
Maybe there's a chance.
I'll try again.
I've been married
and I've been divorced.
And it's not that great.
You haven't
been married to him.
With him.
Thank you.
[indistinct chatter. laughter]
Great. Good idea.
Cheers.
So wedding next year.
But why? Why so long?
And where?
The plan was...
to be married by now.
But she keeps stalling
and I'm getting a little tired of it.
So...
It would be great
to be able to cross again.
So you wouldn't think he
should further his career
in San Francisco?
You wouldn't want him to go?
No. I would... No. no. I would
love for him to go back.
- We've been trying to--
- Okay. I'm gonna go back.
- Let's go back...
- In a safe way.
In a way that doesn't--
To your return!
[indistinct chatter
and celebration]
Did you eat anything?
Mm... No.
No. So you've been drinking
on an empty stomach?
- Yes.
- Well.
why don't you eat this?
No. Thank you.
I can't go to New York if you
don't take care of yourself.
Don't go.
You can just stay.
Uh-huh. Right.
Where's the Mezcal?
Mezcal? Here.
[sighs]
What's so great
about San Francisco?
What could you do there
that you can't do here?
They never would have made you
an official member
of the company.
We couldn't really
be together there.
You know I can't cancel
my trip to New York.
It's not right that you're
making me leave you like this.
Then don't cancel.
Look. just go to New York.
I didn't want to tell you this
until I had everything sorted.
But I found someone that can
help me cross through El Paso.
I'm not giving you money
so you can kill yourself.
I don't need the money.
I just need to get to Juarez
by Tuesday.
Like that. when you're done
in New York.
I come to you
in San Francisco.
You weren't even happy there.
But I was happy.
Don't worry anymore.
They told me this time
there's no trailer involved.
so it's safer.
It's quicker.
You know I'd do anything
for you. right?
Of course.
I'm gonna tell you something.
And then you decide whether
or not we stay together.
You tell me if you want me
to come back here after.
My trip or if you...
never want to see me again.
What is it?
I had you deported.
You were never gonna...
come back to Mexico.
And we couldn't really stay
together in San Francisco.
There was so much pressure.
I called.
I said that you were
an illegal immigrant
and that you were dancing
at the company
and you had been deported
before in 2013.
You need to understand
why I did it.
This will be so much better
this time.
I'll be here more often.
We'll have our company here.
Think about it
while I'm gone.
And if you don't...
If you don't want me
to come back.
then you stay in the house
and I'll pay all of the bills.
I'll never abandon you.
I did it for us
because I love you.
- You want us to be together?
- Yes. very much.
Okay.
Fernando.
[door creaks open. closes]
Can we talk?
[zipper opening]
Fernando?
I need to use the restroom.
You can go in the patio.
No.
[door closes]
[clattering]
Can I go now?
I thought the idea
was to be together. you know?
You have every right
to be upset.
I'm so sorry.
But I'm not.
I'm really happy
we're together.
- Me too.
- I'm gonna take a shower.
Or you prefer I don't?
I forgot you liked me sweaty.
Stop. Stop.
Stop.
[moans]
You forgive me now?
Did you actually apply
for my Green Card?
No!
[keys jingling]
[screams. bangs door once]
I forgot to tell you.
you didn't need to come today.
She's not feeling well.
So you can leave.
Martha!
Don't worry. I'll look after Jennifer.
I'll let you know when she's better.
- You sure?
- Yes.
Sorry I didn't cancel earlier.
I'll wait for your call.
My family's waiting for me
in New York.
I'm going out.
Do you need anything?
Let me go.
What's up. Rafa?
Sorry to show up unannounced.
I keep getting Ms. McCarthy's voicemail.
Am I still taking her
to the airport on Monday?
Not anymore.
She's staying.
Good night. Rafa.
Okay. Señor.
[indistinct voices over radio]
[sighs]
[keys jingling.
door locking]
[birds chirping]
[indistinct chatter]
No one's there.
Let's get you out of here.
Tell him what you did to me.
Shut your mouth.
fucking animal.
Tell him to leave our house!
I'm going back.
Everyone is going to know
what you did to me.
I'll tell everyone
who you really are!
You're a liar!
What do you want?
[car door closes]
[inaudible dialog]
[screams]
[continues screaming]
[engine starts]
JACK:
Hey. Dad.
Yeah. yeah. I have her.
She's good.
See you soon.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm